Methods Intro (#3)
gSchool/ada-1-intro-to-ruby: 02-methods/02-ruby-methods.md

Once we have created a method, we may want to use an _parameter_ to provide additional data or context to our method. Think back to our `Math.sqrt(9)` example. The `9` in the `()` is a _argument_. Looking at this, I can hazard an educated guess that the _method signature_ of `sqrt` looks something like `def sqrt(number)` (name and one parameter).

To add a parameter to the `say_hello` method, we need to change the __method signature__:

#### Example 2

```ruby
def say_hello(name) # <= method signature with a name and one parameter
  puts "welcome #{name}! hello world!" # <= the block
end

say_hello("Ada") # <= invoking the method with one argument
# => welcome Ada! hello world!
```

In this updated method, `name` is a variable with the value for the argument passed in. When we called the method, the `name` variable was substitued out for the value of string `"Ada"` since that was the value we passed in.

#### Example 3

```ruby
def add(num_one, num_two)
  return num_one + num_two
end
```

> In this example, `add` is the method __name__. This method has two __parameters__ so the _method signature_ is `add(num_one, num_two)`. The purpose of this method is to __return__ the result of adding two variables together. We want to _call_ or _invoke_ this method to execute the block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `add` is the method __name__. This method has two __parameters__ so the _method signature_ is `add(num_one, num_two)`. The purpose of this method is to __return__ the result of adding two variables together. We want to _call_ or _invoke_ this method to execute its body:
```
